Now let's tackle a long section
on Account Management, Billing and Support.
And we will be starting with AWS Organizations.
So it's a very simple service, it's a global service,
and the idea is that by creating an organization,
you are able to manage multiple AWS accounts.
The main account is going to be called the Master Account
and all the other ones will be called Child Accounts.
The cost benefits you get from using an organization
is that you get Consolidated Billing.
That means that all the accounts will be paid
by just the Master Account,
and so you will have one long bill at the end.
So you don't need to set up a payment method
for all the other accounts.
The other thing is that you get pricing benefits
from aggregated usage.
So when you use a lot EC2
or when you use a lot S3,
you get a discount because you've used that a lot.
And so if you have multiple accounts,
you could lose that volume.
But with an organization,
because the billing is consolidated,
the aggregated usage is as well consolidated,
and that means that you get more discounts.
Also, if you're using Reserved Instances,
they're shared across all the accounts
to make sure that if one account does not use
a Reserve Instance, another one can,
and again, maximize the cost savings.
There's an API that is available
to automate AWS account creation to do so automatically,
which is very helpful.
For example, if you had some processes
to create an account programmatically for someone
for as example a Sandbox Accounts.
And then finally you can restrict account privileges
using a Service Control Policy or SCP,
and that is a common exam question.
So all the things highlighted in bold in this slide
are going to be common exam questions.
Now I'm gonna go a bit deeper on organization.
So you can have a Multi Account Strategy in AWS.
That means that you wanna create accounts, for example,
per department, per cost center, per environment,
for example, dev/test/and prod
based on regulatory restrictions.
For example, if you don't want a service
to be used in an account, you can use an SCP.
Or if you want to isolate the resources better,
you could have different VPC in different accounts.
And it's also very good
to have separate per-account service limits
and also isolated accounts for logging.
So all these could be multi-account strategies,
it's really up to each organization to choose
what type of accounts they want.
So the idea is that you have two options,
you can use Multi Accounts or One Account and Multiple VPC.
That is a trade off,
I personally like the Multi Account better.
You can use tagging standards
across all the accounts for billing purposes.
And we'll see billing in depth in the section.
And you should enable CloudTrail on all the accounts,
send the logs to a central S3 accounts.
And also as well for the CloudWatch Logs,
you should send them all to a central logging accounts.
So how can you organize your accounts?
Well, you can organize them by Business Units, for example,
with a Master Account.
And then we have the Sales OU,
we have the Retail OU and the Finance OU.
And within each OU, so each Organizational Unit,
you'll have multiple accounts
or you can organize them by environment, production,
development and tests.
Or we can have them Project-based,
for example, Project-1, Project-2, Project-3,
or a mix of all these things.
Okay, so an organization looks like this.
The Root OU contains everything,
it contains the Master Accounts,
and then you can create different OU.
So the Dev OU maybe with the two accounts in it,
the Prod OU with two accounts in it.
And within the Prod OU, you can also have different OU.
So a Finance OU and an HR OU with their respective accounts.
Hope that makes sense.
There is something called a Service Control Policy or SCP.
It allows you to whitelist or blacklist IAM actions
applied at the OU or Account Level,
but it doesn't apply to the Master Account.
The SCPs have no effects on the Master Account.
So the SCPs, we'll see an example very shortly.
They can be applied to only the Users
and the Roles of the Account, including a Root.
So if you apply an SCP onto your account within an OU
and you say you cannot use EC2,
even an admin within an account cannot use EC2.
But the SCP does not apply to service-linked roles.
So this is the service roles that other services use
to integrate with organizations.
Okay, SCP must have an explicit Allow to allow things.
So by default it does not allow anything.
And so use cases for SCP,
and this is what the exam will test you on,
would be to restrict access to certain services.
For example, you're saying,
"Okay, in my production accounts, you cannot use EMR
or to enforce PCI Compliance
by explicitly disabling services that are not compliant
with PCI yet in AWS."
So let's take an example at what it looks like.
An SCP looks just like a IAM Policy.
So this is Allow all actions.
So we allow STAR on STAR.
So do you say you can do anything but DenyDynamoDB.
And we're saying the effect is Deny on DynamoDB Star
for any resource.
Another strategy would be to whitelist
only a certain type of services.
So we're saying allow EC2 star
and CloudWatch star on Resource Star,
but any other services but EC2 and CloudWatch,
cannot be usable.
If you don't know exactly what this means,
you want more examples,
there's a link right here that takes you
to the documentation and shows you different
OUs and SCPs you can have.
So that's it for Organizations.
I hope you liked it.
And in the next lecture,
I'm going to do an optional walkthrough organization.
It's a bit more complicated,
so I would just recommend if you just want to,
to just watch me do,
and see how I use Organization to demonstrate the creation
of accounts and to demonstrate as well the use of SCP.
So I hope you liked this,
and I will see you in the next lecture.